
Exit Interview: 
SS        00:40
Okay, is Amari Yeah.

OB      00:56
Hey Maria. How you doing, buddy?

SS        01:21
Omari, I just had to convert the document words update the dates, right? Okay. Yeah, yeah. So it does that. See the only thing that change in it? Yeah.

LLF     01:39
All right, let's do it, guys. All right. Omari. So okay. So we have the exit interview interview. I do apologize. I only have 30 minutes But I don't suspect. You should take anything more than that. It's just a just just to get your feedback in terms of like how, you know, there's any we could have done better etc. Etc etc. Right. So it's really for our benefit And I guess for your certain extent as well, but you know, the ask is open on us. Brutal feedback. Cool. Yeah.

OB      02:18
So primary primary reason for leaving.

SS        02:23
Yes.

OB      02:23
I'm just interested in music music. Alright, cool gear, what did you enjoy?

LLF     02:30
Most about your time here.

OB      02:33
Yeah, I'll say I love the creative stuff coming up with ideas for things and just generally getting an idea for an insight into like some of the Strategic stuff and that the reasoning behind certain decisions and things like that from an interesting. All right. Cool.

LLF     02:58
What did you enjoy? Least?

OB      03:03
I don't know if I found it difficult to kind of manage my time So I think and kind of stay organized. So I could probably those moments it wasn't really a thing if that makes sense. Like he wasn't a part of in case is more like yeah. I don't know if that's did you do your personality test summary?

LLF     03:27
Yes, I remember. Did it did it? Did it suggests That dude that their personalities were not lands challenges with that 0. Or is it? Is it the remembered? Why is particularly important for me? Is that I, you know, I do really enjoy interacting with you on the creative side but sometimes things don't hit timelines. Yeah, my question is not know D for us because we will be working to create two people again in future And I suppose it's going to be a seem the same challenge, right. I have a little bit of a challenge, so sometimes I just get Heidi And I run with the idea and then stuff that I Mentor really do, I'm not even focusing on. So, like I have right now, I have a guaranteed Project. I just need to send off the formality formality, the people claim to sign and I just be asked, to be honest. So so I know I shall go down as well. So what, what, what were some of the strategies you used? What were the same things? So many things are effective for you.

OB      04:37
For me, I think when I I can't say that there is one strategy that's consistently worked But I think when I have like a clear So if there's a goal or a task to complete then, you know, like the kind of thing that raided, we break it down into steps and then you have the clear, okay? This is Step 1. Step 2, Step 3, but it's kind of like as soon as I wake up or even the night before to have that kind of vision of how my day is going to go. And then when I wake up, I kind of visualize it and maybe do some things like go to the The gym. It's almost like a holistic approach. There's not really one thing that kind of work so you can sense. Yeah. Yeah. So I think I think is interesting and and what it can be translated to for some is Sops obviously.

LLF     05:33
But the other thing is maybe are you session ID and the everyday? So that we asked the team to update what tomorrow's board is going to look like so great. Only six tasks, six tasks into multiple six things into 6 into 6 things that are going to do. Break it down into multiple tasks which thing. And then what pre-planned? So plan, spend the last hour 30 minutes of today planning for tomorrow. And that's, it really helps. I think. Okay, cool. In terms of the culture, how would you, how would you, what would you say? And I see your notes up but also like to hear from you too. Yeah.

OB      06:11
I mean, as I said Beautiful.

LLF     07:15
Yeah, nothing, nothing.

OB      07:16
Really. I just kind of realized that I would really like to kind of pursue music. So it wasn't anything that anyone could have no problem.

LLF     07:27
So, so as we as we are not topic, Amari we personally have not been doing much work in terms of music, but I'm seein a, i for music popping up. So what I'm seeing for The Next Generation for the graphic generation, I'm seeing stuff for music as well. I think I think if nothing else you've gotten some Frameworks as to how to approach these things and we've kind of figured it out the hardware, right? So take those Frameworks and even try and apply it to your music. If like, AI music is something that, you know, Worst case is stuff that you can experiment quickly with right. Even if it's something that you may not use who will clo? Well, so I think take that forward into into your career. Yeah. Yeah, any future recommend recommendations for us.

OB      08:18
Yellow. Say I have something in mind. I would kind of recommend to change.

LLF     08:31
Okay. Would you consider returning to work for the company? No, I don't think so.

OB      08:39
I mean, maybe in the future, but as it stands, I don't really want to do anything about them, distracted. Okay, cool. Do you have anything to hand over a couple hundred pages?

LLF     08:51
Okay, cool Tommy. What's up, is the best way to get here? Emil, Works to cool name of the document.

OB      09:04
To hand over. Yeah.

SS        09:39
Other people performance Playbook?

OB      09:41
I think I need to finish up some tweaks on there as well as the government data analytics, Workshop.

SS        10:01
All right. Cool.

LLF     10:02
Okay. So what's up? Best way to communicate but guns? Okay good so that's pretty much it there. Omari, anything important that we didn't talk about no I wouldn't say so. I mean, overall of my massive pleasure. Having you here. I, you know, we really enjoyed like the, like, spitballing ideas with you a very creative stuff. I really really, really enjoyed the Seinfeld emails. Are you doing the copied? Are you doing? I remember I remember like once this guy was seeing a the reason why you showed up at the event is because of the email, right, right.

OB      10:43
So that's powerful stuff.

LLF     10:45
I think you're very talented and I think you could apply that talent in music just as equally as Right? And so I want to wish you all the best this a success. You know that we still have here Mary. So anything you need buddy. Like just reach out and we do they're gonna going to reaffirm this But I do want to see intron at some point in time, we Casa Su Casa. Yeah, so much just a, just grab a ticket and come down whenever you want to. All right?

OB      11:11
You know, I will, I will and I definitely, although, you know, ultimately, it's not that area that I decided is right for me, I still enjoy working incus. I mean, as you said the creative side of the and also Yeah, working alongside all of you have enjoyed it. So I Yeah. Thank you, Leslie and Samantha.

OB      12:21
Come on.

LLF     12:21
Christmas was a terrific time become responsible.

SS        12:29
Yeah, at least before T15. Well? Well, yeah, so come in.

LLF     12:34
Come in before School, school break, open toe, and then you're good to go. Kumari. Whether I go I'll going to see you later in the weekend any case But I really really, really really enjoyed. You know the last year with you are plus you. Thank you. All right Omari. All right, then thanks much.

SS        13:32
Is like on WhatsApp, you anytime is fine because you know

OB      13:35
Okay. I'll see it when I see it. Yeah, no problem.

SS        13:40
Well good. Great working with you, great meeting you. Thank you, thank you.

SS        13:57
But I think it's more of a creative thing. Like it is if you like you needed time. I'm the kind of focus and do whatever it is. You need to do and we'll hopefully at the somebody shot to use that. You didn't take it. Probably helped you along the way with us as well. Yeah. I think they will.

OB      14:13
Yeah, all right. Well enjoy the recipe. D.c. You. Okay.

